Today, my math TA was waiting for someone to answer his question and after a few moments of silence he said "I do math for a living, I can out awkward anyone." Density is the real m/v=p There's a kid in the library using Christmas Lights as an extension cord My gpa is lower than my high score in Tetris. But that's ok because a gpa of 3,161,959 is unreasonable *ignores midterms* *ignores bank account* *pretends everything is completely okay* I need to stop skipping legs day. But first I need to stop skipping arms, chest, shoulders, back, Calculus 2, and down the hall. Can't wait to hear the Kidz Bop version of Anaconda Hey teacher. I'm not asking you to spoon feed me but don't give me one chopstick and tell me to eat chili. If no one saw me wear it, then it's clean.. Spooning my boyfriend. Out of the container. It's ice cream There's a fine line between numerator and denominator I'm already making six figures. But only 3 of them are significant... Does anyone else have the biggest urge to answer your office phone saying "Buddy the Elf, what's your favorite color?" Single and ready to act nervous around everyone I find attractive To the girl who just dropped her nicely typed up essay directly into a puddle: If you call it a day and go back to sleep no ones gonna judge you I have so much admiration for people who are paying for college on their own. Disney World makes me realize how much I hate people Tour guide: We have one *jackhammer starts going* ONE OF THE PRETTIEST CAMPUSES IN SC. *construction worker starts yelling and cussing* it's really peaceful *hammering* AND A GREAT PLACE TO LIVE! To quote hamlet act 3, scene 3, line 88: "no" Relationship status: lol Heard some great wisdom today that I wanted to share: "nothing will ruin your 20s more than thinking you should have your life together already.” Sometimes the moon looks like a carrot if you put a carrot in front of it and just look at the carrot. If internet explorer is brave enough to still ask if it wants to be my default browser I should be brave enough to ask any girl out 5 years ago today I asked a beautiful girl on a date. Today I asked her to marry me. She said no both times. When my mom sends care packages with clothes in them: MASTER HAS GIVEN DOBBY CLOTHES. DOBBY IS FREE Im about to one up all these bikers and boarders and start riding a horse to class. Balls in your court. Schrodinger's iPhone: If you drop your iPhone on the ground face down, the screen is both in tact and cracked at the same time until you look at it. It's 2014 already, why don't the Pringles cans have the same spinny thing that's on the bottom of deodorant yet? If you're ever feeling alone or unwanted, just remember that there are billions of little bacteria inside of you that would be devastated to see you go When people say “I love you” I always say “I love you more” because life is a competition and I must win Overheard a first year "last night was the first night I stayed up past midnight doing school work" I just choked on my pancake Thought I woke up to a huge clap of thunder, and then I realized that my roommate just fell out of his loft Face Timing parents: "we can't wait to see you again" me: "can you put the dog on the screen though" If you watch the lion king very closely you'll realize there's a lot of simbalism That moment when you wake up on Friday and realize it is a Wednesday. I hope something awesome and wonderful happens to each and every one of you today. Be it canceled class, an extra nap, or asking them out on a date and they say yes, I hope today rocks. You deserve it Just got my calc midterm back...only need a 132% on the final to make a B let's get down to business to defeat the hun(dreds of assignments I have due) *first test comes back* *gets a 59%* "Oh no big deal, I'll just get a 100 on every other test" Why do good grades happen to bad people I don't trust people who have more than 30 unread texts in their phones. Who is texting you? Why do so many people have your number? Why don't you read them? Can you read? ... To do something kind for another person today: wait a little longer in order to hold a door, smile and be polite to everyone you interact with. What you put into the universe comes back to you. Submitted my assignment to dropbox at 11:58 when it was due at 12. Got an e-mail three minutes later from my TA just saying "clutch". As I look to the heavens for guidance and motivation to study, I notice something scrawled in the stacks: "Like the dodo you are flightless and doomed." Happy Midterms If I pay $40 for a haunted house I better get stabbed for real I have so much debt, I could start a government.. The bookstore was robbed $1,000 yesterday. The criminal got away with a textbook and bottled water. Tired has become a part of my personality description. Sir. Your burrito is $5.97. With guacamole, your total comes to $386,932.32 College is just a cycle of "I just need to get through this week" every week Felt my iPhone6 bend in my pocket. Then I realized it was a pop tart and I don't have an iPhone6 My doctor told me to eat more Taco Bell... technically he said "less McDonalds" but I'm pretty sure I know what he meant. GIVE THE LEAVES SOME PRIVACY CANT YOU SEE THEYRE CHANGING??? The distance from here to the moon is 252,088 miles or two cvs receipts TBT to when 100s were obtainable You know you're in Montreal when "BonjourHi" Gf asked me for some time and distance. I guess she wants to calculate velocity. #nothingtoworryabout I hate living in a quad with just one engineering major. He's always sobbing in a corner. I hate living with 3 non engineering majors, they're in bed or out partying and I'm just sobbing in a corner I miss my high school GPA #1 Parenting Mistake: not making your kid clean his room, do his laundry, or do dishes. Your kid becomes my roommate. #1 Parenting Mistake: not making your kid clean his room, do his laundry, or do dishes. Your kid becomes my roommate. Didn't sleep in my bed last night ;) didn't sleep in any bed last night. Didn't sleep last night.......... No professor, I don't think the author made the sun yellow to represent the struggle of mankind through the dehumanization of the industrial revolution. I think the sun is always yellow. Puppies are the ultimate wingmen. Choose a job you love and you'll never work a day in your life because that field isn't hiring. *Ebola tries to enter US* Frat guy - "bro you got wristbands???" So for my FWS we had to read the first 6 chapters. Shoutout to the kid ripping off the shrink wrap off of his book during class. Me: "I hurt my foot" Student health: "Great. We are going to test you for mono, strep, and pregnancy" "What would say your biggest weakness is?" "Well I'm pretty bad at reading situations" *leans in for kiss* Was emailing my professor on my phone and started typing "I'm afraid I will not be able to make it to our meeting," but I accidentally hit send too early and all that sent was "I'm afraid" I don't friend-zone people. I relationship-zone people. Oh you want to be my friend? Too bad we're dating Choose a job you love and you'll never work a day in your life because that field isn't hiring. "I need to stop," I whispered to myself as I clicked 'next episode' I hope the companies at the career fair recycle when they toss my resume in the trash. I know why I didn't get into the sorority I wanted... it's all because of my no good dirty rotten pig stealin great great grandfather Gotta love girls who text you first! Love u mom! I bet your dog appreciates that Instagram birthday shoutout I liked college better when Monday was part of the weekend. Carrying a warm burrito in the front pocket of my hoodie is the closest I'll ever come to fulfilling my dream of becoming a kangaroo My neighbors listen to great music. And they don't even get a choice. Why can't recruitment be more like Hogwarts where we just put on a hat and it tells us which house we're meant to be in Every "let's cuddle" yak just makes me picture a scenario of two complete strangers bein like, alright, let's do this, then just laying there motionless. Cracks me up every time. "No makeup exams." Thank god, I'm a guy and don't know a thing about makeup Stumbled into the ATM, told everyone I was just checking my balance. Accidentally wore a red shirt and khakis to target today, and long story short, I think I've been promoted to assistant manager. Repeating an outfit because m/w/f people don't know about my t/th life A giraffe's coffee would be cold by the time it reached the bottom of its throat. Ever think about that? No. You only think about yourself. Finally I get to use college ruled paper without feeling like such a poser. Teacher: introduce yourself to the class. we'll start with....YOU Me: *forgets name and entire childhood* I actually want to be friends with a First year. They seem smart and generous and they have a mandatory unlimited meal swipe plan The squirrels on campus have more confidence in approaching people than I do Shout out to the girl in math class who said she didn't know where Australia was on a map on our demo lab and then said it was because she wasn't good at history..... My dad was showing me pictures of why to wear condoms during sex. The funny thing is, they were all pictures of me. My dad was showing me pictures of why to wear condoms during sex. The funny thing is, they were all pictures of me. You guys like sodium or Na? Ordering textbooks, didn't realize they were made with diamonds. Didn't skip my first class, where the dean's list at I bet your dog appreciates that Instagram birthday shoutout I'm convinced girls only want one thing from guys... All of their hoodies 